c:\users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\Bin\Debug\pmMonitoring.dll
c:\users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\Bin\Debug\pmMonitoring.pdb
c:\users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\Bin\Debug\pmMonitoring_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\obj\Debug\pmMonitoring.g.resources
c:\users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\obj\Debug\pmMonitoring.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\obj\Debug\pmMonitoring.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\obj\Debug\pmMonitoring.dll
c:\users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\obj\Debug\pmMonitoring.pdb
c:\users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\Bin\Debug\Assets1\AppBar\feature.settings.png
c:\users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\Bin\Debug\Assets2\AppBar\refresh.png
c:\users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\Bin\Debug\Assets3\AppBar\close.png
c:\users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\obj\Debug\Settings.g.cs
c:\users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\obj\Debug\WebView.g.cs
C:\Users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\Bin\Debug\ScheduledTaskAgent1.dll
C:\Users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\Bin\Debug\ScheduledTaskAgent1.pdb
C:\Users\klekh_000\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\pmMonitoring\pmMonitoring\obj\Debug\pmMonitoring.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
